Payment methods (#1875)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/methods/pay-later/klarna/integration-and-testing.md

---
title: 'Integrating and testing Klarna'
breadcrumb_title: 'Integration and testing'
weight: 40
meta_title: "Integrating and testing Klarna - MultiSafepay Docs"
short_description: "Options for integrating Klarna and testing payments"
layout: 'child'
logo: '/logo/Payment_methods/Klarna.svg'
url: '/payment-methods/klarna/integration-testing/'
aliases:
    - /payments/methods/billing-suite/klarna/integration-and-testing/
---
## Integration

| | |
|---|---|
| **API** | [Direct](/api/#klarna---direct) and [redirect](/api/#klarna---redirect) |
| **Ready-made integrations** | Klarna (redirect) is supported in all our [ready-made integrations](/ecommerce-platforms/).   |
| **Checkout options** | [Multisafepay payment pages](/payment-pages/) {{< br >}} [Payment links](/payment-links/about/) – You can't adjust the lifetime. |
| **Logo** | See MultiSafepay GitHub – [MultiSafepay icons](https://github.com/MultiSafepay/MultiSafepay-icons). |

> Klarna makes your ecommerce platform available in the MultiSafepay partner portal, where your credentials are generated. Use your credentials to configure the Klarna gateway in your MultiSafepay account. 

Reviewer: What's the partner portal?

Author: ```suggestion
Klarna makes your ecommerce platform available in their merchant portal, where your credentials are generated. Use your credentials to configure the Klarna gateway in your MultiSafepay account. 

```
